
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Password" ext:asp site:.com
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Password" ext:asp site:.org
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Password" ext:aspx site:.my
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Password" ext:aspx site:.net
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Password" ext:aspx site:.org
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Password" ext:html site:.ph
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Password" ext:php site:.org
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Username" ext:aspx site:.com
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Username" ext:aspx site:.in
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Username" ext:html site:.id
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Username" ext:html site:.net
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"Username" ext:php site:.org
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"admin" ext:asp site:.my
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"admin" ext:asp site:.ph
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"admin" ext:aspx site:.net
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"admin" ext:aspx site:.org
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"admin" ext:html site:.net
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"admin" ext:php site:.id
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"login form" ext:asp site:.id
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"login form" ext:aspx site:.in
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin Panel" intext:"login form" ext:aspx site:.my
inurl:"/admin/login.php" intitle:"Admin 
